Effective as of January 10, 2018

This Privacy Policy helps you to make informed decisions about your relationship with us, so please read it carefully.

1 Introduction
The Privacy Policy is here to do three things:

a)   Explain the way we use information that you share with us in order to build a great product and give you a great experience with it.

b)   Ensure that you understand what information we collect with your permission, and what we do — and do not do — with it.

c)   Hold us accountable for protecting your rights and your privacy under this policy. All the information we collect is related to providing our app service and its features.

There are two categories of information we collect:

1) Information that we must have in order for you to use our app.

2) Information that we can use to provide additional features and improved experiences if you choose to share that information.

The first category includes:

Registration information, including your name, birth date, address, and other information you provide when you sign up for our app.

Broad, non-specific location, which we derive from your IP address. Our licenses to deliver music and other content to you are location-specific, so we need to know what country you're in The music you listen to and your interactions with the Service. This allows us to make recommendations to you and suggest relevant content.

Technical and sensor information necessary to operate our app. This includes the type of browser and device you use, data from the touchscreen, and information from your device's accelerometer and gyroscope sensors. This enables you to control our app.

The second category includes information that enables us to offer you additional features. We never receive any of the following information unless you expressly choose to share it with us.

We will never gather or use your specific device location without first getting your explicit permission.

We will never access your photos, and we will never scan or import your photo library or camera roll.

We will never scan or import your contacts unless you ask us to.

We will never access or use your microphone.

Information in the first category is information you must provide in order to use our app. When you agree to our Privacy Policy, you give us the right to collect this information and use it for the purposes described. Information in the second category is information we will only collect if you explicitly give us permission to do so in the future. Acceptance of our Privacy Policy does not mean you have granted us permission to access or use information in the second category; we're just explaining to you that we could ask you for that permission.

In some contexts, we will share certain information. For example, like most services, if you sign up for our app through a third party like Facebook or a mobile provider, we share some information with them and they share some information with us in order to enable your account. And we also share de-identified information with our music industry partners to help them understand how the content they license to us is performing, with marketing partners who help us with promotional efforts, and with advertisers that allow us to offer a free service. There also may be times when you want us to share information. For example, when you make playlists, you might want those playlists to be visible to your friends… and you might not. Similarly, you can ask us to share information (like your email address) with artists or record labels, or other partners who may want to directly send you news or promotional offers, but you can also revoke that permission at any time.

If you have any questions or concerns, please let us know at master@moth.kr. Throughout this Privacy Policy we refer to the our app Service or the Service. These terms are defined in our Terms and Conditions of Use (the "Terms and Conditions of Use").

2 Key highlights of what you're consenting to
By using or interacting with the Service, you are consenting to:

The use of cookies and other technologies.

The transfer of your information outside of the country where you live.

The collection, use, sharing, and other processing of your information, including for advertising-related purposes (as described in the rest of this Privacy Policy, so please keep on reading!).

The public availability of your information and the controls over such information as described in Sharing information.

In each case, you consent to the processing of data by the entities described in this Privacy Policy, including the our app entity, as data controller, indicated at the bottom of this document (collectively, "our app", "we", "us", "our"). If you don't agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, then please don't use the Service.

3 The information we collect
We may collect and store the following information

3.1 Registration data
When you sign up for the Service, we may ask you for information such as your username, password, email address, date of birth, gender, address, postal code, and country. If you connect to the Service using credentials from a Third Party Application (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of Use) (e.g., Facebook), you authorize us to collect your authentication information, such as your username and encrypted access credentials.

You may also choose to voluntarily add other information to your profile, such as your mobile phone number and mobile service provider.

3.2 Usage, log data & cookies
When you use or interact with the Service, we may use a variety of technologies that collect information about how the Service is accessed and used. This information may include:

Information about your type of subscription and your interactions with the Service, such as interactions with songs, playlists, other audiovisual content, other our app users, Third Party Applications, and advertising, products, and services which are offered, linked to, or made available on or through the Service.

User Content (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of Use) you post to the Service including messages you send and/or receive via the Service; technical data, which may include URL information, cookie data, your IP address, the types of devices you are using to access or connect to our app Service, unique device ID, device attributes, network connection type (e.g., WiFi, 3G, LTE) and provider, network and device performance, browser type, language, information enabling digital rights management, operating system, and our app application version.

3.3 Your mobile device
We may provide features that rely on the use of additional information on your mobile device or require access to certain services on your mobile device that will enhance your our app experience but are not required to use the Service. (In other words, information that falls in the second category described in the Introduction to this Policy.) For example, we might allow you to upload photos to your profile or connect with friends. For each type of information listed in this section, before we access this information or these features of your mobile device, we will ask for your permission. You do not have to give us such permission in order to use our app, and acceptance of this Privacy Policy does not mean you have granted us permission to access this information.

We will never access your photos or camera without first getting your explicit permission and we will never scan or import your photo library or camera roll.

We will not gather or use the specific location of your mobile device (for example, GPS or Bluetooth) without first getting your explicit permission. You will always have the ability to stop sharing. We will continue to use your IP address as described in Section 3.2 above, to determine, for example, what country you are in and comply with our licensing agreements.

We will not access your microphone without first getting your explicit permission.

We will not scan or import your contacts stored on your phone without first getting your explicit permission. We will only use the contact information to help you find friends or contacts who use our app.

3.4 Payment data
We will never request or store your credit or debit card information as we don't have any paid subscription and we don't allow purchases through our service, our service is totally free.

3.5 our app service providers and partners
We may also receive information about you from our service providers and partners, which we use to personalize your our app experience, to measure ad quality and responses to ads, and to display ads that are more likely to be relevant to you. We also use this information as explained in the section How we use the information we collect below.

4 How we use the information we collect
Consistent with the permissions you give us to collect the information, we may use the information we collect, including your personal information:

To provide, personalize, and improve your experience with the Service and products, services, and advertising (including for third party products and services) made available on or outside the Service (including on other sites that you visit), for example by providing customized, personalized, or localized content, recommendations, features, and advertising on or outside of the Service.

To ensure technical functionality of the Service, develop new products and services, and analyze your use of the Service, including your interaction with applications, advertising, products, and services that are made available, linked to, or offered through the Service.

To communicate with you for Service-related or research purposes including via emails, notifications, text messages, or other messages, which you agree to receive.

To communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, for marketing and promotional purposes via emails, notifications, or other messages, consistent with any permissions you may have communicated to us (e.g., through your our app account settings); in the section Your preferences below, we inform you of the controls you can use to opt out from receiving certain messages.

If you explicitly provide us your permission, use your mobile phone number to send you informational, marketing and promotional text messages using an automatic dialing system; you are not required to provide consent as a condition of signing up for our app's services.

To enable and promote the Service and other services or products, either within or outside the Service, including features and content of the Service and products and services made available through the Service.

To enforce this Privacy Policy, the Terms and Conditions of Use, and any other terms that you have agreed to, including to protect the rights, property, or safety of our app, its users, or any other person, or the copyright-protected content of the Service.

To provide you with features, information, advertising, or other content which is influenced by your location and your location in relation to other our app users; and as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy.

5 Sharing information
This section describes how the information collected or generated through your use of the our app service may be shared by you or by us.

5.1 Sharing by you
5.1.1 Generally
The our app Service is a social service that offers many ways to find, enjoy, and share content. We encourage you to take advantage of these social features with others on the Service.

Your name and/or username, profile picture, who you follow, who follows you, and your our app user profile will always be publicly available.

Playlists created or followed, your activity on the Service (e.g., what you listen to, music you share), recently played artists, your top tracks, your top artists, and User Content you post, upload, and/or contribute to the Service are made publicly available by default. Your activity on the Service (e.g., what you listen to, music you share) will automatically appear on the Service and will, for example, be accessible by users who follow you or view your our app profile.

Please remember that certain information is always publicly available, which means that it can be accessed by Third Party Applications through our APIs and developer tools. Based on your permissions, some additional information can be shared with Third Party Applications and with others through Third Party Applications. For example, you can use your settings to control whether your our app activity is posted to Facebook. Similarly, you may consent to provide Third Party Applications with access to your email address, subscription status, location, birthday, or similar information, upon their request.

We may use your public information to promote the Service and to help others find and follow you and/or your our app content, including through Facebook and other Third Party Applications and on websites that embed our app widgets. Your information may be used to notify others, including within the Service, via email, and through Facebook and Third Party Applications, about your use of the Service (e.g., that you have joined our app or activity related to a our app profile, such as adding or removing tracks from a playlist).

With your explicit permission, we may notify other users of your location. Likewise, with other our app users' explicit permission, we may notify you about their whereabouts. We may offer you the ability to share this information to create shared experiences.

5.1.2 Third Party Applications
If you connect your our app account to a Third Party Application, our app may automatically share your activity and activity-related stories with that service, including the content you consume. You understand and agree that such information may be attributed to your account on the Third Party Application and may be published on such service. Although this information may be automatically shared by default, we inform you of the controls that you can use to limit the sharing of this information in the section Your preferences below. The Third Party Application may also provide similar controls.

If you log into a Third Party Application with your our app account, that Third Party Application may have access to certain information such as your playlists, content saved, and activity. With your explicit permission, we may also share additional information such as your email address, subscription status, location, or birthdate with such Third Party Applications.

our app also enables you to share a particular item of content or a playlist that you have created, on an individual basis, to Third Party Applications, other third party services, other our app users, and others. Please note that if you share content to a Third Party Application or a third party service, it will be viewable by others within the our app Service, regardless of your our app account settings.

You understand and agree that a Third Party Application's use of information collected from you (or as authorized by you) is governed by the Third Party Application's privacy policies and your settings on the relevant service, and our app's use of such information is governed by this Privacy Policy and your our app account settings.

5.2 Sharing by our app
5.2.1 Marketing and advertising
We may share information with advertising partners in order to send you promotional communications about our app or to show you more tailored content, including relevant advertising for products and services that may be of interest to you, and to understand how users interact with advertisements. The information we share is in a de-identified format (for example, through the use of hashing) that does not personally identify you.

5.2.2 Rights holders
The our app service allows you to listen to fully-licensed streaming content. our app shares information with the rights holders that license this content to our app. The data that our app shares is in a de-identified format that does not identify you directly.

5.2.3 Other sharing
In addition to the above, we may also share your information with third parties for these limited purposes:

To allow a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets.

To respond to legal process (e.g., a court order or subpoena), if we believe in good faith that it is necessary to do so; to comply with requirements of mandatory applicable law; to protect the safety of any person; to protect the rights and property of our app, including to enforce the Terms and Conditions of Use and any other terms that you have agreed to; and to address fraud, security, or technical issues.

To academic researchers for purposes including statistical analysis and academic study, but only in a de-identified format.

To publish de-identified or aggregate information about the use of the our app Service.

6 Your preferences
As explained in the section Sharing by you, certain information may always be publicly available to others and other information is made publicly available to others by default. And if you share information to a Third Party Application, that information is viewable on our app, regardless of how you set your privacy settings.

7 Transfer to other countries
our app transfers, processes and stores information about our users on servers located in a number of countries. Accordingly,our app may share your information with other companies in the our app group in order to carry out the activities specified in this Privacy Policy. our app may also subcontract processing to, or share your information with, third parties located in countries other than your home country. Your personal information may therefore be subject to privacy laws that are different from those in your country of residence.

8 Links
We may display advertisements from third parties and other content that links to third party websites. We cannot control or be held responsible for third parties' privacy practices and content. Please read their privacy policies to find out how they collect and process your personal information.

9 Security
We are committed to protecting our users' information. Your password protects your user account, so you should use a unique and strong password, limit access to your computer and browser, and log out after having used our app Service. While we take data protection precautions, no security measures are completely secure, and we do not guarantee the security of user information.

10 Changes to the Privacy Policy
Occasionally we may, in our discretion, make changes to the Agreements. When we make material changes to the Agreements, we'll provide you with prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances, e.g., by displaying a prominent notice within the Service or by sending you an email. In some cases, we will notify you in advance, and your continued use of the Service after the changes have been made will constitute your acceptance of the changes. Please therefore make sure you read any such notice carefully. If you do not wish to continue using the Service under the new version of the Agreements, you may terminate the Agreements by contacting us at master@moth.kr.

11 Information about cookies, other technologies
11.1 What are cookies and other technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer, mobile phone, or other device when you visit a website. The cookie will help website providers to recognize your device the next time you visit their website. There are other similar technologies such as pixel tags (transparent graphic images placed on a web page or in an email, which indicate that a page or email has been viewed), web bugs (similar to pixel tags), and web storage, which are used in desktop software or mobile devices.

There are also technologies such as mobile device identifiers and SDK integrations to help companies recognize your device when you return to an app or otherwise use a service.

11.2 More information
For more information about the use of cookies and how to block them, visit allaboutcookies.org, youronlinechoices.eu (Europe), or aboutads.info/choices (United States). If you have any questions or comments about our use of cookies, please contact us at master@moth.kr.

Thank you for reading our Privacy Policy. We hope you enjoy our app!

